2XL ◾ Generate more meta descriptions (#9882)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/404-useful-error-page/rule.md

> ---
> seoDescription: Enhance your ASP.NET site’s user experience with a custom 404 error page that redirects visitors effectively.
> type: rule

Reviewer: Probably should't use special UTF characters here

```suggestion
---
seoDescription: Enhance your ASP.NET site's user experience with a custom 404 error page that redirects visitors effectively.
type: rule
```
